thus the heavens and the earth and all
thus the heavens and the earth and all the host of them were finished and on
the host of them were finished and on
the host of them were finished and on the seventh day God ended his work which
the seventh day God ended his work which
the seventh day God ended his work which he had done and he rested on the seventh
he had done and he rested on the seventh
he had done and he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had done
day from all his work which he had done
day from all his work which he had done then God blessed the seventh day and
then God blessed the seventh day and
then God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it because in it he rested
sanctified it because in it he rested
sanctified it because in it he rested from all his work which God had created
from all his work which God had created
from all his work which God had created and made this is the history of the
and made this is the history of the
and made this is the history of the heavens and the earth when they were
heavens and the earth when they were
heavens and the earth when they were created in the day that the Lord God
created in the day that the Lord God
created in the day that the Lord God made the earth and the heavens before
made the earth and the heavens before
made the earth and the heavens before any plant of the field was in the earth
any plant of the field was in the earth
any plant of the field was in the earth and before any herb of the field had
and before any herb of the field had
and before any herb of the field had grown for the Lord God had not caused it
grown for the Lord God had not caused it
grown for the Lord God had not caused it to rain on the earth and there was no
to rain on the earth and there was no
to rain on the earth and there was no man to till the ground but a mist went
man to till the ground but a mist went
man to till the ground but a mist went up from the earth and watered the whole
up from the earth and watered the whole
up from the earth and watered the whole face of the ground
and the Lord God formed man of the dust
and the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground and breathed into his
of the ground and breathed into his
of the ground and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life and man
nostrils the breath of life and man
nostrils the breath of life and man became a living being the Lord God
became a living being the Lord God
became a living being the Lord God planted a garden eastward in Eden and
planted a garden eastward in Eden and
planted a garden eastward in Eden and there he put the man whom he had formed
there he put the man whom he had formed
there he put the man whom he had formed and out of the ground the Lord God made
and out of the ground the Lord God made
and out of the ground the Lord God made every tree grow that is pleasant to the
every tree grow that is pleasant to the
every tree grow that is pleasant to the sight and good for food The Tree of Life
sight and good for food The Tree of Life
sight and good for food The Tree of Life was also in the midst of the garden and
was also in the midst of the garden and
was also in the midst of the garden and the tree of knowledge of good and evil
the tree of knowledge of good and evil
the tree of knowledge of good and evil now a river went out of Eden to water
now a river went out of Eden to water
now a river went out of Eden to water the garden and from there it parted and
the garden and from there it parted and
the garden and from there it parted and became four river heads the name of the
became four river heads the name of the
became four river heads the name of the first is passion it is the one which
first is passion it is the one which
first is passion it is the one which skirts the whole land of havilah where
skirts the whole land of havilah where
skirts the whole land of havilah where there is gold and the gold of that land
there is gold and the gold of that land
there is gold and the gold of that land is good bdellium and the Onyx stone are
is good bdellium and the Onyx stone are
is good bdellium and the Onyx stone are there the name of the second river is
there the name of the second river is
there the name of the second river is gijón it is the one which goes around
gijón it is the one which goes around
gijón it is the one which goes around the whole land of cush the name of the
the whole land of cush the name of the
the whole land of cush the name of the third river is hid again it is the one
third river is hid again it is the one
third river is hid again it is the one which goes toward the east of assyria
which goes toward the east of assyria
which goes toward the east of assyria the fourth River is the Euphrates then
the fourth River is the Euphrates then
the fourth River is the Euphrates then the Lord God took the man and put him in
the Lord God took the man and put him in
the Lord God took the man and put him in the Garden of Eden to tend and keep it
the Garden of Eden to tend and keep it
the Garden of Eden to tend and keep it and the Lord God commanded the man of
and the Lord God commanded the man of
and the Lord God commanded the man of every tree of the garden you may freely
every tree of the garden you may freely
every tree of the garden you may freely eat but of the tree of the knowledge of
eat but of the tree of the knowledge of
eat but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil you shall not eat for in
good and evil you shall not eat for in
good and evil you shall not eat for in the day that you eat of it you shall
the day that you eat of it you shall
the day that you eat of it you shall surely die
it is not good that man should be alone
it is not good that man should be alone I will make him a helper comparable to
I will make him a helper comparable to
I will make him a helper comparable to him out of the ground the Lord God
him out of the ground the Lord God
him out of the ground the Lord God formed every beast of the field and
formed every beast of the field and
formed every beast of the field and every bird of the air and brought them
every bird of the air and brought them
every bird of the air and brought them to Adam to see what he would call them
to Adam to see what he would call them
to Adam to see what he would call them and whatever Adam called each living
and whatever Adam called each living
and whatever Adam called each living creature that was its name
creature that was its name
creature that was its name so Adam gave names to all cattle to the
so Adam gave names to all cattle to the
so Adam gave names to all cattle to the birds of the air and to every beast of
birds of the air and to every beast of
birds of the air and to every beast of the field but for Adam there was not
the field but for Adam there was not
the field but for Adam there was not found a helper comparable to him and the
found a helper comparable to him and the
found a helper comparable to him and the Lord God caused a deep sleep to fall on
Lord God caused a deep sleep to fall on
Lord God caused a deep sleep to fall on Adam II and he slept
and he took one of his ribs and closed
and he took one of his ribs and closed up the flesh in its place then the rib
up the flesh in its place then the rib
up the flesh in its place then the rib which the Lord God had taken from the
which the Lord God had taken from the
which the Lord God had taken from the man he made into a woman and he brought
man he made into a woman and he brought
man he made into a woman and he brought him to the man this is now bone of my
him to the man this is now bone of my
him to the man this is now bone of my bones and flesh of my flesh she shall be
bones and flesh of my flesh she shall be
bones and flesh of my flesh she shall be called woman because she was taken out
called woman because she was taken out
called woman because she was taken out of man rare for a man shall leave his
of man rare for a man shall leave his
of man rare for a man shall leave his father and mother and be joined to his
father and mother and be joined to his
father and mother and be joined to his wife and they shall become one flesh and
wife and they shall become one flesh and
wife and they shall become one flesh and they were both naked the man and his
they were both naked the man and his
they were both naked the man and his wife and were not ashamed